---
title: Oct 26th, 2020
---

## [[therapy session]]
### How we view our relationships will guide how we view ourselves and how we live.
### [[Kajabi]] raised you. [[Travis Rosser]] and [[Kenny Reuter]] helped you become who you are. You want to get to a place where you're okay with the zig and zags of life.
### You'll never be [[happy]] because you will always want more.
### You're taking the small decisions and taking them seriously. Eating the right foods, taking  care of yourself, living with integrity. Your moral code.
### Give time, some time.
### Don't stress when a puzzle piece of your life doesn't fit. Does what you do truly fulfill you? If not, how is what you're doing currently coloring your life?
#### Software developer.. it's a means to an end. You don't have a knack for it. It's not you. You are able to do it.
### You space out a lot. That's why you're not focused. Truly focus and you won't space out #[[I'm high]]
### You are [[impatient]] and relatively [[young]].
### The [[desire]] for more can slowly go away. It can become more manageable, specific (you know what those urges are referencing)
#### [[stop and smell the roses]]
#### Ex: you're about to open the door to Bjack's spot, you were anxious. You recognized it and accepted it. You went on to have a great time.
### You need to do more self reflection work. This is it.
### Your [[shadow]] is [[reflective]].
### You're an [[extrovert]], [[action]] type.
#### You used to think [[extrovert]] was cool
### [[Dr DiSano]] is dominantly [[reflective]] and his shadow is [[action]]
#### It's a different view of the world.
### You're integrating in your own [[shadow]]. You're developing aspects of yourself that are unlived. The unlived life. When you notice new and crazy things
### [[dreams]] help you look at your life [[symbolically]].
### You're allowing yourself to be affected be a situation with objectiveness and a different perspective
### You're an [[arrogant]] person. You don't show people, but it's in your head.
#### You've had success and accomplished stuff. You've learned the more you focus in on your successes, more success is created.
##
