---
title: Oct 12th, 2020
---

## [[therapy]]
### Don't try to become successful financial, socially singer-songwriter. This goal must be about your feeling state. This should be the indicator of success.  #[[advice]]
### It's about developing the other. The relationship (relatedness) to yourself. Inculcate your [[mama]]
### [[ego]] wants to keep YOU alive. You must calm or quiet the ego.
### [[ego]] has knowledge of your desires and whatnot. Shouldn't  be ignored, but must have its place.
### You're full of yourself and you've lied to yourself about it. You were [[arrogant]] and [[narcissistic]]. This is what [[children]] do.
### You're [[thinking]] too much when you're trying to keep rhythm on the [[guitar]] and singing. It's a [[feel]] thing. You need more [[practice]] to make it feel more natural. Get over the fact that you might not sound great while you're singing and playing guitar. Maybe that's a different instrument on its own.
### You could've done backup [[vocals]] on the road. Easily. You had a great voice. You were scared to do a music career. You take calculated risks. That's why you did tech. You now have a great career and can now safely pursue something you're more meant to do.
### Making a living doing work from the soul..
#### [[Carl Jung]] said making a living doing work from the soul doesn't pay very well or sure benefits.
### [[tech]] and [[music]] are important in your life for different reasons.
### [[evolution]] if you do a soft transition from [[tech]] to [[music]]
### what your ruling [[principles]] have brought you to where you are.
### [[dad]] is more of a human being as opposed to a guy that just left me.
### [[dad]] is not agreeable, obedient. You have to be hard headed and driven to succeed. That's why he's a folk hero of yours.
### You want a [[conscious]] mind... not a [[calm]] mind. A calm mind would be more like [[mama]]. Honor both minds to be more aware and conscious of yourself. Your internal [[mama]] and [[dad]].
#### You can turn toward your parents a different way. You can see them more apart of you in a living sort of way instead of a concrete way. How they lived in you symbolically.
### [[dad]] --> you will live his side unconsciously. The drive, hunger is all from him. He is the [[feeling]] side of you. He acts quite theatrical. [[mama]] is the [[stoic]] side of you.
